# Lesson Plan 18: Choose Your Own Adventure

Today marks the beginning of the end of the MakerPrep course. You'll have the freedom to choose what you work on today (although I've provided some suggestions). If you're still feeling shaky about JavaScript fundamentals, I would recommend you brush up on those by reviewing exercises in previous lessons or even CodeAcademy. If you feel pretty solid on those and just want to keep prepping for the MakerSquare interview then I would recommend that you keep working on functional programming and learnRx. If you want to keep practicing making singlepage applications, you could complete all the exercises in the AJAX and JSON lesson, and then you could take an early look at firebase on your own or find a tutorial for a front-end framework like Angular.

Finally, if you want to take a deeper look at some fundamental computer science stuff, I would go research how linked lists work and then use the provided skeleton to implement your own linkedlist.

The purpose of todays lesson is for you all to have an opportunity to catch up on whatever material you're most interested in, while still having the opportunity ask me questions while you work. I also want to make sure everyone feels comfortable with everything we've learned so far before we put the final piece in place tomorrow: Backend servers and databases. Obviously we won't have time to teach you how to write your own servers and setup / query databases in three hours. However, we do have enough time to teach you Firebase which is a Backend-as-a-service technology. With this final piece in place, you will have all the tools you need to start building some cool single-page applications that can do actual work, have users, and store / process data.